444444444444444444444

Write a 1 to 1.5 page essay describing the ways computing technology effect social and economic between people.  
Explain how digital computing both disrupts and reinforces existing social relations.
Describe the possible role of digital computing in fighting poverty and supporting economic development.

- Computing technology was come along way and is still developing everyday. We have seen that computer technology has
changed our lives and how we live in our everyday lives. In the social world technology has played a very big part 
people can get to know others in social media and they can stay in touch with each other anywhere in the world.
This helps people stay in touch and get things done quicker and easier in theri everyday lives. For exsmple if s guy has 
a meeting on the other side of the city and he gets then realises that he forgot his file at his office, he could log
into his account in the cloud and access all thoese files. In the economic field techinology has also played a main role 
on how people do their jobs. People can get real time updates on what they are working on, and if there is a problem 
they can fix it and preveting a big problem.
- Digital computing has its pros and cons. It can help us stay in touch and lets us know what our family and friends are doing
and we could talk with them in a cheaper price that calling internationaly using a phone card. But it also has its cons 
some people say digital computing hasseparated us from the people that are right next to us. For example in a diner table
5 years ago people talked and socialized with each other, but now adays peole just look onto their phoen or devices without 
intracting with real people that are right next to them.
- Technology could fight poverty by ads on the internet that show people with needs, and people could crowd fund people that 
are less fortunate. Technoloy companies could employ people and train them to produce the products and services that they need
which will help the umemployment. By helping the unemployemt and creating jobs this also helps the economy to grow.
